And the last lectures we learn a lot about component's how they work and how we can use state and props
props to pass data in from outside and state to change data from within the component before we have
a look at creating multiple components to construct or to build our Dom.
Let's learn more about how we can output Canth and conditionally in this lecture.
In view we had the if to tell view chairs only rendered this part of the template if certain conditions
met what we can do the same here.
Keep in mind in the end we just write everything and Javascript.
And here in the render method of this component we return what should get shown on the dorm or in the
dorm.
Now therefore we can easily control what should get shown here.
Let's say we want to show a paragraph which says name updated if we updated the name.
Now we don't have a directive.
We could place here which would tell the if if we should show that.
But instead we have to think about it in the re-act way we could say that we have a certain variable
alignment update paragraph but the name is totally up to you.
And by default that's an empty string.
So nothing not I want to change this variable and place the actual paragraph in there.
If my name was changed so I will simply create a normal javascript if statement where I will check if
this state name equals this prop's name.
Keep in mind prop's are set from outside a not changed state is changed.
To be precise I will check if it is not equal.
If it is not equal that means we did change to state so we did change the name.
So therefore if this is true I will set up date paragraph so this variable here too.
Well keep in mind we can simply use JJ as XO to a new paragraph where it will say name updated and then
update paragraph is set in.
Well every case is set to nothing by default but it is set to this paragraph.
If this is true so then I can go into my chest X which I return in the end and use single Cauley braces
to output something dynamically or to output update paragraph.
Now if I now had control enter you don't see it but if I click Change name you see name updated and
this really is just the re-act way of thinking about it.
You write javascript code here.
I can't emphasize it enough.
So use the javascript features use if statements to change some variables and then use the single curly
braces syntax to output variables or results of function calls in the return block here of your render
method to define what should get rendered to the dawn.
And since we change to state.
Keep in mind reactivates We'll compare the old Dom to the new one and therefore it will rerun the render
method here in the end and therefore this code gets rerun Whenever to change state changes so it will
recognize the DUP the paragraph is set to a different value and day.
For correctly outputted in our real Dom here.